Add Thiea Manager with basic functionality (#97)
antrea-io/theia: build/charts/theia/README.md

| sparkOperator.enable | bool | `false` | Determine whether to install Spark Operator. It is required to run Network Policy Recommendation jobs. |
| sparkOperator.image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/theia-spark-operator","tag":"v1beta2-1.3.3-3.1.1"}` | Container image used by Spark Operator. |
| sparkOperator.name | string | `"policy-recommendation"` | Name of Spark Operator. |

> | theiaManager.apiServer.apiPort | int | `11347` | The port for the Flow Aggregator APIServer to serve on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| theiaManager.apiServer.apiPort | int | `11347` | The port for the Theia Manager APIServer to serve on. |
```

Author: Thanks! addressed these typos when copy-pasting.
